Okay.
So we now have a new property on our View X Store and we also have a corresponding mutation to right
data to that property.
Now of course, the next missing piece is going to be our asynchronous action method.
And as a reminder, our view X action is allowed to be asynchronous.
And so this is where we're going to actually make the API request to get our degrees.
And then once we get our degrees, we're going to commit a new mutation and receive degrees in order
to actually overwrite the bookstore state.
So on the left hand side here, I have my actions that that's file and here we have our old fetch jobs
action, which does something very similar, except of course, it fetches jobs.
And here on the right hand side, I have my test suite.
And so as always, let's follow a TDD approach in order to implement my new action, which of course
will be called fetch degrees.
So right here, I'm going to scroll to the top of this file and we can see here the design we have for
get jobs.
It's probably going to be very similar for fetch degrees.
So let's say, of course, import our API function and then actually mock it out.
So right here, I'm going to import get degrees and that is going to come from our source directory,
the API folder and then of course get degrees.
We have each API function call in its own file immediately afterwards.
I want to mark out that exact file to make sure I don't have the original function, but rather the
just replacement.
And afterwards, of course, I want to tell TypeScript that that replacement has occurred.
So I want to define a concept called get degrees mark and that will be my get degrees important function,
but treated as a different type of just mark.
There we go.
The next thing I'm going to do is copy and paste this entire described block for fetch jobs.
And we're simply going to update it to be fetch degrees because I assume my implementation is going
to be very similar to this one.
So I'm going to copy this entire blob right here and paste to below.
And now let's walk through it and update everything that needs to be updated.
So obviously we're going to test a new action which will now be called get or fetch degrees and get
jobs.
Mark here will of course no longer be our mock jobs API call, but rather our new get degrees mock function.
And of course it's resolved value.
Or in other words, what the API will give us is going to be a degree object and just to be a little
bit closer to the real world.
I'm going to replace this title right here with the degree property, just like our real world degree
object.
So let's give this a value degree here, like bachelors.
All right, let's then move on to our actual tests right here.
So it makes request to fetch degrees.
All right.
It's going to be an asynchronous test, right?
Here we have a context object which has a commit.
And then right here, we're going to call an action called fetch degrees.
Of course, that action does not exist yet, but that's not a problem.
And after we invoke that action method, we expect that get degrees should be invoked.
And remember, this can be either get degrees or get degrees mark.
Either one is a reference to the same function.
And because it's adjustment function, it's going to be able to track whether or not it has been called.
Right.
The only reason we need to use get degrees mark right here is because of TypeScript.
So TypeScript knows that that type right here has the mock resolved value right here.
All right.
For our next test, it sends message to save received degrees in store.
There we go.
So right here, what we're doing is we're saving a reference to adjust mark function to this commit
constant.
We're setting up our context object.
We are now invoking our fetch action.
In this case, it's going to be fetch degrees.
Marking out the API call.
And so after we have ran through that asynchronous fetch degrees action, we expect that our commit
will have been called with the right mutation.
Right.
We want to make sure that we are sending the actual received degrees to the View Store to be saved.
So the mutation we expect to invoke here should be received degrees.
And of course the array of data that we're going to provide here should be this exact array because
that is the degrees we're getting.
So that is the degree array that I want to send to my view store.
So I'm just going to copy this property here to make sure this object matches the one above.
And there we go.
Let's save that.
And we are, of course, are going to get a whole bunch of violations, but that's totally fine.
All right.
So we'll begin by defining the action we need here, which means we need to go, of course, to our
constants file.
So I'm going to open up my constants far right here and right here we can add a new const.
So right here, how about here?
I will do an export const and I'll call it fetch degrees.
And that will be, of course, a string equal to the exact string of such degrees saved up, which means
in our actions far right here, we can import fetch degrees.
There we go.
And then what I'm going to need to do is define my fetch degrees method.
So right here, fetch degrees.
And it's going to be an asynchronous function right here.
It's going to accept a context object.
And the only important thing to know about that object is it has a commit method.
And of course, that commit method is what allows us to commit a mutation to the bookstore, which means
a change to it.
State So what I want to do in this method body of course, is invoke my actual API call to get my degrees.
So it's important that function right here, I'm going to import get degrees and that is going to come
from my source directory API get degrees.
So right here in line, I'm going to say convert degrees is going to be awaiting the resolved value
of my get degrees asynchronous function, which will of course return a promise.
All right, so now I have my degrees, I have that array.
And the next thing I want to do, of course, is to commit the right mutation to get it over to my actual
view store.
So the next time I'm going to need to import is a received degrees constant, which I believe should
be right here in my constants file.
This is the name of our mutation which we already wrote.
So what I'm going to do in my actions file is import my receive degrees constant.
There we go.
And that is the name of the mutation that we want to run.
Let me, in fact open up my mutations file so you can see it.
Just in case it's not clear, this is the mutation we now want to run and it's automatically going to
receive the state from view.
But we need to feed in this array of degrees which we have available right here as a degrees constant.
So we have our context object.
We know that we can run a mutation by invoking the commit method.
Then the first argument is the name of the mutation.
That, of course is going to be received degrees, which we've already imported.
And the second argument is going to be this degrees array, which we have available as my degrees right
here.
Save that, let our tests run.
And looks like it is going to affect quite a few files in our code base, but now everything is passing.
So in our tests we are validating that we are indeed making the right API call and that after the API
call completes, we are also sending the right message to the View Store, the right mutation name with
the right data.
We're testing the interaction with the View App Store.
We're not testing the entire flow, and that allows us to be tested independently as just the method
without having to involve all of the complexity of UCS.
So both of these lines have their own respective tests on the right, and now we have our new action.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.